[Docs] Catalog promotion label customization (#13386)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/cookbook/promotions/catalog-promotion-labels.rst

How to customize catalog promotion labels?
==========================================

> To customize catalog promotion labels only what need to do is overwrite the proper template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To customize catalog promotion labels only what need to do is overwrite their template.
```

.. tip::

    Learn more about template customization :doc:`here </customization/template>`.

Change the catalog promotion labels' styles
-------------------------------------------

By default Sylius displays catalog promotion labels in two locations: on the product's index on product's card and also on the product show page.
Both places use the same template (``@SyliusShop/Product/Show/_catalogPromotionLabels.html.twig``) which you need to override with your own:
``templates/bundles/SyliusShopBundle/Product/Show/_catalogPromotionLabels.html.twig`` that will have such content:

.. code-block:: twig

    <div id="appliedPromotions" data-applied-promotions-locale="{{ sylius.localeCode }}">
        {% for appliedPromotion in appliedPromotions %}
            <div class="ui red big label promotion_label" style="margin: 0.5rem 0;">
                <div class="row ui small sylius_catalog_promotion">
                    {{ appliedPromotion.label }}{% if appliedPromotion.description and withDescription %} - {{ appliedPromotion.description }}{% endif %}
                </div>
            </div>
        {% endfor %}
    </div>

> After changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How will it look after changes?
```

Product index:

.. image:: ../../_images/cookbook/customization-catalog-promotion/catalog_promotion_label_product_index.png
    :align: center

> Product details page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product show:
```
